---
title: Glasses
date: 2017-10-17T11:30:49.004Z
draft: false
category:
  - And more
tags:
  - glasses
  - fake
  - cringe
---
> This is just a cringe post. I know it's stupid but I'm just sharing whatever it suits here in my blog.

Last month, I bought a pair of plastic glasses for about $2 bucks in a cheap eyewear store at Chinatown. I was \*forced\* to bought that pair of glasses because my parents were trying to convince me that they can protect my eyes against the "very deadly" radiation of the computer so I just go with the flow and gave it a shot.

After I got home, I wore the glasses for a few hours. The effect was somehow opposite. My eyes are easily get strained and it hurts a lot (not really surprising since its just glasses with plastic lens). The whole thing was a disaster and I felt that two dollars was wasted for something that cannot be used for protection at all. After that happened, the rest of the time my glasses usually sits there at the table or if I have the need to look like a nerd at some occasions which fits me well.

Lesson learned guys, using glasses with plastic lenses with no coating at all whatsoever for eye protection may slowly destroy your eyes compared to using with your naked eyes. It is best to buy those expensive yet decent glasses that is used for eye protection in computers or better use an app like flow to adjust the screen into warmer colors to relax your eyes while using it. And also, make sure your parents doesn't read any false information or fake news. xD
